README.md, before:

# excel-challenge
First Homework for Data Analytics Bootcamp
1. Given the provided data, what are three conclusions we can draw about Kickstarter campaigns?
    - Theater had the highest number of Kickstarters, but Music had the highest successful rate
    - The samples picked did not support the conclusion that only a third of the projects made it through because in this sample, more than 50% of the projects were successful
    - Projects that started in May had the most projects being successful while April and February had the lowest number or failed projects
2. What are some limitations of this dataset?
    - Limited access to data and possible biased sample selection. While only a third out of 300,0000 projects on Kickstarters are considered successful, we only have 4,000 projects that does not support this idea, which make me wonder what were the criteria to be selected as sample.
3. What are some other possible tables and/or graphs that we could create?
    - Another table/chart we can create is a table to show how many projects were launched from each coutnry and create a pie chart to show the percentage for each country.

Commit message:

Updated Readme with Bonus Answers

README.md, after:

# excel-challenge
First Homework for Data Analytics Bootcamp
1. Given the provided data, what are three conclusions we can draw about Kickstarter campaigns?
    
    - Theater had the highest number of Kickstarters, but Music had the highest successful rate
    - The samples picked did not support the conclusion that only a third of the projects made it through because in this sample, more than 50% of the projects were successful
    - Projects that started in May had the most projects being successful while April and February had the lowest number or failed projects
2. What are some limitations of this dataset?
  
  - Limited access to data and possible biased sample selection. While only a third out of 300,0000 projects on Kickstarters are considered successful, we only have 4,000 projects that does not support this idea, which make me wonder what were the criteria to be selected as sample.
3. What are some other possible tables and/or graphs that we could create?
   
   - Another table/chart we can create is a table to show how many projects were launched from each coutnry and create a pie chart to show the percentage for each country.

Bonus Questions

1. Use your data to determine whether the mean or the median summarizes the data more meaningfully.
   
   - In this analysis, Median summarizes the data more meaningfully, because it was more common to find campaigns with backers less than 100.

2. Use your data to determine if there is more variability with successful or unsuccessful campaigns. Does this make sense? Why or why not?
    
    - The variability between the successful campaigns were higher because of the bigger difference between mininum number of backs in successful campaigns. The unsuccessful campaigns had lower difference between minimum number of backer and maximum number of backers.
